let's let's do some simple math freelee
the banana girl is asking you to donate
fifty five American dollars per month
fifty-five and I used the word donate
because I can't say she's asking you to
buy anything she's not really selling
you anything you don't get anything in
exchange for giving her fifty five
dollars a month okay so uh fifty five
dollars a month times 12 months that
equals six hundred and sixty dollars how
many people you think are stupid enough
to sign up for this like what's what's a
conservative estimate is it maybe five
hundred people do you think she's gonna
get five hundred people signing up for
this wow that's that's a lot of money if
she can get five hundred people the sign
of this and what is the topic of the
first video she's promoting on this new
paid service what is it she's gonna
explain to you what is it she's gonna
tell you if you sign up and donate this
money you get to see a special video now
that will explain to you her
rationalization and her excuse for why
it is you're gaining weight instead of
losing weight on her fabulous
primarily raw fruit diet hmm yeah so
this explanation you can figure it out
for free you could google around you
don't have to donate the money it
basically boils down to the idea that
you have an imaginary disorder called
metabolic damage now I call it imaginary
because it has no symptoms
there's no blood tests that can prove
you have it there's no stool tests
there's no way you can go to a doctor
and test for this metabolic damage as
she uses the term it doesn't mean
anything that exists in the real world
it's nothing measurable it's not that
your basement of all grade is different
there is no empirically valid reality to
this disorder of disease she claims
you've had this for years because of
your unhealthy diet and then it only
becomes observable it only in
merges for you to observe it in reality
when you start eating her high fruit
healthy vegan diet that suddenly the
accumulated metabolic damage of the past
emerges not because your diet got less
healthy but Paradox's because your diet
became healthier and results in you
gaining weight now if there were any
truth to this wouldn't the metabolic
damage exhibit itself whether you're
eating tacos and pizza or you're eating
a vegan diet
wouldn't it be worse on another diet no
no no no why don't you donate the money
and listen to her [ __ ] you and try
to explain this
you know mysterious explanation for why
people gain weight instead of lose
weight at some other simple math we can
do 30 bananas a day how many calories
for banana 89 calories per banana I get
two thousand six hundred and seventy
calories from eating 30 bananas freelee
the banana girl she started using that
name because her original website the
website that made her famous her website
was called 30 bananas a day she
encourages people to eat 30 bananas day
not every day only on your mono meal
days where you eat nothing but mangoes
all day or eat nothing but bananas all
day yeah a high fat part of me a high
fruit low-fat diet can be a very high
calorie diet it's not it's not so
mysterious as to why people might be
experiencing weight gain rather than
weight loss on this you know it's really
easy to talk yourself into um new era
thinking it's really easy to tell
yourself
there's no way now in 2019 Frehley can
just go back to the same scam she used
to run in 2015 right there's no way that
someone who's been discredited for lying
about her credentials and by the way I
believe this YouTube channel was the
first to discredit her there was a
mainstream newspaper I forget who was in
Australia or England that did indeed
follow up in the story I think they did
the same thing I did I got in touch with
the college in Australia that she
your credential came from and I figured
out that it was pretty much impossible
that she had that credential um someone
who lied about her credentials someone
who lied about the diet someone who lied
about what she actually eats that was
revealed primarily through durianrider
someone whose career has relied on a lot
of Lies and bullying and manipulation
including in the weight loss game and
someone who was also discredited for
running a you know coaching service
where people donated money to have some
kind of quality time with her and then
all they got were like one sentence
email saying you go girl you can do it
in this kind of thing so this is someone
who's been discredited from many
different angles for many different
reasons
but it seems she's able to come out of
the jungle in 2019 and one this same
scam again and just ask people to line
up and pay money for nothing really I
remember when you used to come on camera
and sincerely preach that you didn't use
soap and you didn't use shampoo I
remember when you used to preach that
you didn't believe in modern medicine
but I guess those just weren't making
enough money for you so you kept
changing hats you kept switching beliefs
switching ideologies you went back to
using shampoo I guess just because that
would make more money for you but when
you left the game it's like nobody even
noticed you leaving you used to boast
that you were the most effective
activist in the world and when you went
out the door there were just crickets
and smirks laughter all the things you
used to boast about that you had
accomplished the huge difference you
made in the world where's your boasting
now what are you
but another dried up bimbo another aging
wannabe starlet another scrawny old
woman with a dishonest diet book and a
pair of fake tits another woman who
never had the talent to be an actress
never had the voice to be a singer never
really danced she sold a digit
diet book and she convinced herself that
she wasn't just saving the planet
she convinced herself that she and her
boyfriend were the most effective vegan
activists in the world okay let me tell
you something in politics it may be hard
to tell what a difference somebody makes
on the way in it's hard to tell at the
beginning but it's real easy to tell on
the way out babe I'm sorry freely it's
it's real easy to tell freely if you
were the most effective vegan activist
in the world why didn't make a goddamn
bit of difference when you quit
why couldn't we all see the change why
couldn't we all look around at what the
vegan movement had become without you
and say wow it sure was different things
sure were different around here when
Frehley was in charge
things sure were different we had
freelee's leadership think sure we're
different we had freelee's activism I
mean people like to disrespect my truth
but the fact is that you know my name is
I don't know